howdy there internet people it's beau
again the very word secrecy is repugnant
in a free and open society it's a great
quote not really true but it's a great
quote so Assange is in custody
what's gonna happen I'm not talking
about his specific case we know what's
gonna happen there they're gonna
prosecute it they're gonna try them
they're gonna convict him they're gonna
sentence him that's what's gonna go down
barring something extremely bizarre it's
the federal system they pretty much
always get a conviction it's trial by
ambush they don't have to really prove
intent the facts are fluid for lack of a
better word he'll get convicted but the
thing is sorry Julian at the end of the
day it's not really that important in
the grand scheme of things what is
important is what is being taught to the
future whistleblowers of America all of
these recent incidents winter Hammond
Kerry aku Snowden Manning they all send
the same message
you know the US government there Big
Brother in 1984 and like Winston said
they get you they always get you so
what's the takeaway you can't go to the
press
the press cannot protect you the methods
for reporting information like this to
Congress they're lacking it can't do it
anonymously all of these things end up
with you in a cage so if you run across
information that you just cannot bear
the more weight caused by keeping it
secret what do you do
what is your option there's only one how
do those people who's not in prison go
to a foreign power that's the option
that is the option the only one left on
the table because of how we've handled
these cases and that's a pretty
dangerous not for the politicians of
course but for the assets and agents
that are out there in the bill that's
pretty dangerous for them see the US
press is very compliant with the United
States intelligence community they are
the Washington Post gets a story they
get documents the CIA comes to him and
says hey we know you've got these
documents we understand you're gonna run
the story we need you to obscure means
and methods they do it means and methods
um in most cases the what isn't really
important how is
what the secret is was typically not
that big of a deal how the secret was
obtained or maybe the tactics and
methods that were used that are
described in the document that's what's
important
that's what you really have to secure
that's that's what's extremely important
because if you don't people die the US
media they're Americans they are
Americans and the US intelligence
community uses that you know plays on
that patriotism we really need you to
keep this secret if you don't this
person will die in the US media they
typically do it they typically do it
protecting means and methods is
something that people have gone to
extreme lengths to do that they will
throw themselves on grenades
figuratively em and and literally but
see now that they're gonna end up going
to a foreign power that reporter he
doesn't have that patriotism he does but
it's just not to the US so if they go to
Russia and the Russian intelligence
service comes to them and says hey we
need to see those documents going the
S&L they end it over
then what those means and methods
they're out there some half set in Kabul
dies some agent in Tashkent dies why
because some junior representative
wanted to make a headline and call for
the execution of Snowden or whatever
crime and punishment get tough law and
order and all that except you don't
actually care about that
because you don't prosecute illegal
activity that's contained in the leaks
you just prosecute the leaker
so
those people who are overseas who are
literally living a double life gathering
intelligence for this country those are
going to be the people who die because
well people were embarrassed by a leak
we need to set aside our desire for
punishment when it comes to this most of
the stuff that was leaked is very valid
reasons for it there were crimes there
were immoral activities contained in
those leaks but because the US press is
so compliant with the US intelligence
services that's not the story the story
is that the secret got out what is more
likely to actually cause the death of US
servicemen
is it the disclosure of waterboarding or
is it the means and methods obtained
from those reports this will probably be
a very defining battle in the
counterintelligence Wars and the u.s. is
gonna lose it
we've already set this example this is
everything I'm saying is after the fact
but we may want to keep this in mind for
the next week and the one after because
there will be more until the government
starts behaving in a legal and moral
manner anyway it's just a thought I'll
have a good night